Add first version of CV (#1)
veraramone/CV: VeraKireeva.md

# Vera Kireeva
## Summary
4+ years of experience writing and editing user instructions, managing knowledge bases and help centers. 

My work tools: Google Docs, Confluence, Jira, Git.

Currently I'm learning Python and API documentation.

> I understand the docs-as-code approach and I'm ready to follow it in my work.

Reviewer: * wrap lines for better diffability and blameability
* better phrasing

```suggestion
Currently, I'm learning Python and API documentation.
I understand the docs-as-code approach and look for 
an opportunity to implement it in my work.
```

## Experience 

> ### Technical writer
> #### MONOPOLY Group  

Reviewer: note: removed trailing whitespaces
```suggestion
### Technical writer at MONOPOLY Group
```

*November 2021 — Present*

MONOPOLY is a transport and logistics group of companies that includes:
* The Monopoly.Online digital platform, which combines all the necessary services for the cargo transportation.
* Freight carrier Monopoly, which owns and manages fleet of vehicles and drivers.

> **My responsibilities include:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Responsibilities
```

* creating and maintaining editorial policy for Business Support Department;
* writing and maintaining regulations and instructions for technical support and customer support employees;
* writing and maintaining user instructions for the internal knowledge base;
* planning and optimization of technical support and customer support business processes.

> **Key achievements:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Key achievements
```

> * I created a style guide and rules for communicating with users for Business Support Department.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* I created a style guide and rules for communicating with users
  for the Business Support Department.
  It helped them improve ... and reduce ...
```

* I redesigned and structured the technical and customer support knowledge base.
* Together with colleagues, we optimized several business processes for technical and customer support (for example, interaction with the system administration department and the operations department).

### Leading content editor
#### Avito 
*October 2018 — October 2021*

> Avito is Russian leading classified ads website, where users can buy and sell second-hand items, find a job, rent a home or buy a car. The site has almost 280 million visits per month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avito is a leading classified ads website in Russia,
where users can buy and sell second-hand items,
find a job, rent a home, or buy a car.
Avito has almost 280 million visits per month.
```

* developing solutions to user problems together with the product team;
* writing answer templates for customer support;
* creating and maintaining editorial policy for the Client Service Centre;
* participating in service automation projects: writing auto-responses for a chatbot and a voice bot, working on scripts;
* participating in user experience research (using statistical reports to evaluate key user experience metrics);
* creating guidelines for the content department employees.

**Key achievements:**

* I created an editorial policy for the Client Service Centre. With its help, we rebuilt communication with users: we moved away from formal, dry, and difficult-to-understand speech. We began to write understandable and concise answers and articles, the major goal of which is solving the user's problem.
* Together with colleagues, we completely redesigned the structure and content of Help. Due to this, the number of support calls reduced by 11%, the percentage of positive ratings of articles increased, and the percentage of support calls after viewing articles decreased.

## Education
### Bachelor of Russian Philology
#### Bashkir State University

> *September 2007 — June 2012*

Reviewer: Currently I'm learning Python and API documentation

```suggestion
*September 2007 — June 2012*

### Python ...
(link to GitHub)

### API documentation
(link to GitHub)
```
